Structure and update documentation (#164)
ESSolutions/ESSArch_EPP: ESSArch_PP/docs/user_guide/workspace.rst

.. _workspace:

*********
Workspace
*********

The Workspace is where the user can modify IPs both in the user
interface and access the files to use 3rd party tools.
Workspaces are private and can be different for each user.

The workspace page contains information packages from both ingest and acces.
An IP from ingest has state **Ingest Workarea** and an IP from access has state
**Access Workarea**.

> An IP with state **Access Workarea** can be used as/as part of a dissemination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An IP with state **Access Workarea** can be used aspart of a dissemination
```
